[Applause]
[Music]
hello I'm Yousef and this is bug face
we're the world's weirdest
creepy-crawlies crowd and frolic across
your favorite faces
this is today's crucial creature and
he's ready to give the frightening
facial the dick from Dick and Dom this
is TV and radio legend
Richard McCourt he's been working with
Tom as Dick and Dom for over 20 years
presenting dozens of long-running hit
series like DB TV dick is also an
experienced actor on stage and in the
movies let's hope he acts brave when we
put our bugs on his face
meet guerrilla spy maculatus the black
cricket or as we know him Christopher
his song is known all around the world
as crickets are spread around Europe
South Africa and Asia
just like Dick and Dom the male's are
very territorial the let's see if he
fights for a home on dick space dick
congratulations on finally making it
here to the bug snug I'm so happy
yes look at it's nice isn't it I love a
fight Ellie we land on the internet that
we have to cool things like a special
named snug welcome to the sofa in the
room welcome to the sofa in the room
yeah so as you can see we've got Dom
here to cheer you on
yes I'm sure you know how bug-face works
I am fine with bugs actually yeah don't
mind spiders don't mind snakes any of
that the spiders in my house I'll pick
them up throw them out yeah one cup card
underneath straight out the door but not
with your hands no I see there's
different I can do the cup on them I
think you know actually touching it
raise you wouldn't actually pick out
with your hands no I would pick it up
with my own around your house you'd pick
it up and pick out yeah yeah they will
work yeah yeah it's fine with that
oh one thing that I'm not very happy
about is maybe something that might bite
you and possibly kill you like a
scorpion well that was gonna be my next
question is there anything in particular
you don't want on your face maybe a try
Angela anything that's
and kills what other spiders that can
bite in this country yeah yeah they can
bite are there yeah what was what well
spiders and starters yeah it won't they
will have like little bang bang yeah but
it's not a big spider it's not gonna be
able to break through your skin we've
pulled out all the stops add a dick and
these guys have been breeding like crazy
breathe breathing breathing well yes
there's not just one there's a whole
bunch room whole bunch of them you ready
for this ready okay it is time to meet
the christopher's Oh No hello
so what they some kind of crickety
things - these guys are black crickets
or greatest by Mark you artists say that
again greatest by mark young artists so
that foolish by maculatus gorillas by
Michael artists and these guys a pretty
wide spread they found on three
different continents yeah and and now
that you guys have met how do you feel
about having them on your farm they look
quite nice don't they look quite happy
chaps don't they don't quickest jump
though so what they just jump off his
face all the other they can jump and
that brings me on to my next subject
how'd you have to give you some safety
precautions because like say they can
jumps and one thing they can do they
can't bite well then they might nibble
your skin but we don't think they can
break your skin baby enabler hating but
particularly around like your eyes you
know Zeiss basically your whole face all
the fun I hate a lot for this face and
also the last thing is their feet their
feet might grab onto a little bit they
do yeah yeah that's flapping his wings
the final thing we've got to get you to
do is just sign this form sign in case
anything that I just said does happen in
the Buried pepperoni I think stuff
crossed oh yeah we're gonna have ham and
cheese toastie there we go it's time to
put the bug on your mug and let nature
take its course
no it's line that's very good they said
that
so we've got some facts for you about
Christopher on that screen in front of
you you've got to read them nice and
slowly and clearly so at the moment he
gets through them all you get to win
your very own legendary BBC our kids bug
face mode lets infest your face so as
soon as it on your face you can start
reading those baths ready gonna have
trouble keeping on you nice face the
chat if you want okay
it's quite still nice girl
vivica lattice has two sets of wings
three four pair and a thin hind pair for
flight
[Laughter]
they prefer local artists use their
front wings to make sounds by rubbing
them together this is called schedule a
ssin hmm it's stridulating right now
brilliant next back please pinnacle
artists can produce the distinctive
chirp we all know which I will now
demonstrate it play a large role in myth
and superstition around the world in
some traditions a cricket chirping means
good fortune and stepping on one means
misfortune so careful where you tread in
dumb don't squash it so don't forget
what's at stake here dick what's that oh
the mug yes oh yeah I really want the
legendary BBC earth kids bug face mug
let's go these crickets are a popular
choice of food now well not for me no
but for in insectivorous big word
animals and can be bought to feed your
pet and we're getting closer to the mug
now yeah yeah so close like typically
you'll find a Gorillaz biblical artists
and the logs or in grasses JK rowling a
but she must have looked at studies
insects to get all those spell names
because it sounds like a harry potter
all right crickets call more frequently
when the weather gets hotter yes why
some people around the world even use
their sounds to work out the temperature
male cricket songs get better with age
practice makes perfect
I see
male realest pimple artists very
territorial and they'll fight are the
males for homes food yeah yeah it's just
gonna turn Shinzo fight over me mate all
right you've done really really well
did we win the month you do not win that
legendary BBC earth kids bug face marks
and I'll take place so how was that
experience for you dick it was alright
was good it was like a little face
massage little tickles all over the face
yeah stay still there one grippy no no
no grippy no no they're just kind of
softened patty yes so what was the worst
part about that the worst bit when it
sat on my I did like it there couldn't
read the fax though couldn't open my
eyes so yeah look a little bit worrying
having a bug on your eyeball so many
bags under his eyes it kind of felt like
bed Tommy okay how would you describe
the sensation of Christopher when he was
on your face soft and patty it's often
patty very soft yes Daddy it's often
take again Patti I'm Patti three words
so what surprised you the most about him
the speed wouldn't stay still would it
no everywhere do you think little
Christopher here could join the Dick and
Dom duo do you think what Christopher
could be the and so to be you know Dick
and Dom always in the middle of us okay
okay I feel like it'd be getting the
short end of the deal there well they is
also we've been working doing this from
about being dawn for 23 years
now they only lost about three months so
it's not gonna be much of a trio is it
yeah we'll be eaten before the triple at
continued Christopher congratulations on
making it through bug face and thank you
for exploring dick smush yes and thank
you for your help to DOM absolutely
pleasure that means you get to win your
very own
leaves the odd kid bug face mug you
taking the mick don't forget you can see
how thumb cope with his own creepy
crawly
plus all about other bug faces
and loads more on the BBC earth kids
channel thanks for watching and we'll
see you on the next bug face thanks for
watching come back
[Music]